Add release note for submariner-io/submariner#2870 (#1098)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* Fixed an issue in Service Discovery which caused an erroneous ServiceExport Conflict status condition to be reported.
* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery where, after disaster recovery of the broker cluster, some DNS queries could fail requiring a
  restart of the CoreDNS server pod.

> * Fixed and issue with OVN-Kubernetes CNI where after cluster recovery datapath was broken, requiring a cleanup of gatwayroute and
>   nongatewayroute CRs followed by a restart of route-agent pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with the OVN-Kubernetes CNI where, after a cluster recovery, the data path was broken requiring manual deletion of stale GatewayRoute and NonGatewayRoute resources and a restart of the Route Agent pod.
```

Author: done.
